it's not really great because the whole
point is to
so much rather put you can and transfer
all the power from that runner into
getting light and going sideways into
their rings motion around the side which
helps the twist that doesn't help that a
height so I don't see that once is nice
straight off where you go into it in
this position it's about something like
this
everything's going into the train in
gymnastics this is a really common
position that happens a lot move since
disposition to this open this petition
or low down on the floor you have
incomes pioneers not faster smaller back
on the floor
so another thing I often see people
doing is reach miles alone so what you
don't want to do it around like this it
loses power you don't get as much
distance from our ground up itself need
to reach to reach have this disposition
we hands by your ears so the point will
go into it
the sparkle ones that you can probably
going crazy
picketers an angle there is between arms
and you hear the worst the next thing is
summation push your way around off
so that you can supply us our whole
thing so what don't want to be doing is
something like this
and when you take off throughout whole
movie people can see SPF is mrs.
gruesome to get height
you
that's the main going straight oh and
this in the next thing is when you're
running up imagine this three lines one
of the only legs and one on your eggs
are in this way
running running on the other side of the
legs and trying to make sure that in
mind with the line you're running on
another common thing is people run into
their outdoors do this sort of thing the
hands here it makes me really quickly
run off that loses a lot of power you
need to have it going down the lives
five feet how to learn back here in
front of you next thing is a lot of
people ask why do I put my hands this is
a reason why local news XP person feels
natural so what you don't want to do
what happens on this line like this and
then go through it like the same dive
straight forward
any type of hands of a two-position when
they touch point where they touch their
auntie come over ultimate like that i'ma
turn in the air you won't even sorry
about because it should just happen
naturally so it'd be pointless either
you